# BigBuy

Big Buy is an E-commerce website.E- Commerce (Electronic commerce) is a process buying and selling of products and services using computer networks like internet. This website is based on frontend web development in which I used animations for making my website more attractive and website UI(User Interface) is simple and efficient where a normal user can interact in efficient manner with website and I used Html, Css, Javascript for my website. E- commerce website is need of today’s generation where you can buy anything from your home easily and you order will Delivered at your home While I code for this website. I faced too much problem and after I fixed The bugs. E- commerce make peoples life easier all over the world. Why I chosen this particular topic. In Today’s life E- commerce are important part of our life. Where we can buy products from the website Easily and E-commerce website have good future scope. If E- commerce website doesn’t exist then people could face lot of problems in their life. If E-commerce website doesn’t exist then people have to go to shop for buy products and E-commerce is a boon for us in worst situation like COVID 19 and others situations and it is website their anyone can buy and sell their product easily and Efficiently . E-website provides us a platform where u can boost ur business and you can connect with peoples at mass quantity. It provides door to door service and E-commerce sector is growing fastly thats why I chosen this topic as my minor project thats the reason.
